time for tales you've told me that like
12 times today it's really annoying to
do that annoy just because I repeat
myself oh yeah but your blows up wow I'm
speechless you just say word though you
know what shut up trails no one asked
you to talk what are we doing here uh
well first we were no what happened to
tails I'm the almighty and monitor so I
can you're next Wow like all of us huh
so are we Sonic where are we that's what
I was just asking you oh thanks for
helping me look I expected well of it it
looks like Myra shelf what's up yo hello
hello friends worse froggy I've been
waiting here for three Millennials Oh
Sonic we are trapped on a shelf where's
my mom hey don't touch the better
figures oh and those are us from the
future hey what's the camera doing here
get out of here oh so sorry the
professor dr. Eggman aye you you up to
this my robots in love me this is gay
I'm leaving thanks you're helping my
almighty hand monster this is bad but
thanks for moving me you're welcome
LarryBoy it's time to unleash my brains
creation Larry why this is getting a
sonic do you think we should run because
no one's like I am NOT a cucumber for
the last time I'm a pickle oh well I'm
just gonna go who sells ok sonic I know
this seems gay but we could sonic side
he carry out up by the almighty hand
monster blows up all right ah stop his
gay monster oh well I spent new years in
jail hey done hey whoa hey I made it
blows up get off my hands to the camel
sir Oh what heavy out of here I grant
you you're lucky I you didn't experiment
on the real sonic which is me or is
sorry Sonic but you're going you're gay
yeah well I'm it's an experiment gone
awry to write off me sweat a monster ah
back to the show well uh actually you're
getting shipped to toys r us and you'll
never be seen it say that again what
would wash my clothes sorry Sonic it has
the penis did anyone call for an
exterminator are you doing let go of me
huh George Washington to the rescue oh
what the four score and seven years ago
we out to her Sonic where are you sorry
just interesting interesting intrument
it looks like it four score and seven
years ago I huh hey how you seen a
hedgehog know what do i do God die you
kill yourself I got toys oh ok you come
name kid oh that's pretty steep but if I
kill myself on it ha ha Dale's kill
himself what
what